Improve docs about log inspection (#3366)
2i2c-org/infrastructure: docs/sre-guide/support/timeboxed-initial-ticket-evaluation.md

# Initial timeboxed (30m) ticket resolution checklist

In the [non-incident support response process](https://compass.2i2c.org/projects/managed-hubs/support/#non-incident-response-process), an initial 30m timeboxed ticket resolution process is documented.

The support triagers use these 30m time interval to try an resolve a ticket, before opening a follow-up issue about it.

> The next sections represents an not-complete initial checklist that the support triager can follow in order to resolve the ticket or decide on opening a tracking issue about it, with the context they gained during this investigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next sections represents an incomplete initial checklist that the support triager can follow in order to resolve the ticket or decide on opening a tracking issue about it, with the context they gained during this investigation.
```
